Python: Getting Started falcon (#7885)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/python/guides/falcon/index.mdx

Install `sentry-sdk` from PyPI with the `falcon` extra:

```bash
pip install --upgrade 'sentry-sdk[falcon]'
```

## Configure

> If you have the `falcon` package in your dependencies, the Falcon integration will be enabled automatically. There is nothing to do for you except initializing the Sentry SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have the `falcon` package in your dependencies, the Falcon integration will be enabled automatically when you initialize the Sentry SDK.
```

<SignInNote />

```python
import falcon

import sentry_sdk

sentry_sdk.init(
    dsn="___PUBLIC_DSN___",
    # Set traces_sample_rate to 1.0 to capture 100%
    # of transactions for performance monitoring.
    traces_sample_rate=1.0,
)

api = falcon.API()
```

## Verify

```python
import falcon

sentry_sdk.init(...)  # same as above

class HelloWorldResource:
    def on_get(self, req, resp):
        message = {
            'hello': "world",
        }
        1 / 0  # raises an error
        resp.media = message

app = falcon.App()
app.add_route('/', HelloWorldResource())
```

> When you point your browser to [http://localhost:8000/](http://localhost:8000/) a transaction in the Performance section of [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) will be created. Additionally an error event will be sent to [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) and will be connected to the transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you point your browser to [http://localhost:8000/](http://localhost:8000/) a transaction will be created in the Performance section of [sentry.io](https://sentry.io). Additionally, an error event will be sent to [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) and will be connected to the transaction.
```

## Options

> By adding `FalconIntegration` explicitly to your `sentry_sdk.init()` call you can set options for `FalconIntegration` to change its behavior:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By adding `FalconIntegration` to your `sentry_sdk.init()` call explicitly, you can set options for `FalconIntegration` to change its behavior:
```
